Update Python version requirements (#867)
home-assistant/architecture: adr/0002-minimum-supported-python-version.md

# 2. Minimum supported Python version

> Date: 2019-05-13, updated 2023-02-05 (python version clarification)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Date: 2019-05-13, updated 2023-02-05 (Python version clarification)
```

## Context

> Home Assistant currently sets the minimum Python requirement to the penultimate minor Python version released upstream. We do not specifically try to support the Python version used in Debian Stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant currently sets the minimum Python requirement to the penultimate minor Python version released upstream.
```

## Decision

> Home Assistant will try to support the latest two released minor upstream Python versions. For example, currently we will support Python 3.10 and would like to support Python 3.11. Python 3.9 is no longer supported at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant will try to support the latest two released minor upstream Python versions. For example, if the current latest version is 3.11, we will support Python 3.10 and would like to support Python 3.11; however, Python 3.9 is no longer supported at this point.
```

- June 1, 2019: Deprecate Python 3.5
- August 1, 2019: Adopt that Home Assistant will support the latest 2 minor releases of Python. This means that we drop support for Python 3.5.

> We have three installation methods. Both Hass.io and Docker are already using the latest Python version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have three installation methods that are based on Docker containers (Home Assistant OS, Container, and Supervised), which are maintained and kept up to date by the Home Assistant project.
```
